feat(core/menu): rework of menu (#592)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/migration/2_0_0.md

---
sidebar_position: 0
sidebar_title: Migration to 2.0.0
title: Migration to 2.0.0
---

# ix-menu

> ## Item dropdown overflow is removed
> 
> We replaced the overflow menu with second level navigation in form of categories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More items dropdown was removed

With the introduction of a second level navigation menu items can now be nested to save screen real estate.
In case the menu grows past the available space it will scroll vertically.
```

```tsx
<ix-menu-category label="AI Configuration" icon="rocket">
  <ix-menu-item>Nested Item 1</ix-menu-item>
  <ix-menu-item>Nested Item 2</ix-menu-item>
</ix-menu-category>
```

> If the menu stills overflow the bottom of the menu a scroll container will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Multiple screen layouts

> The `ix-basic-navigation` in combination of the `ix-menu` comes with 3 layout formats:

Reviewer: It is not clear to the reader what was changed. We can re-write this section together :)
